c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\bin\Debug\HomePayroller.exe.config
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\bin\Debug\HomePayroller.exe
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\bin\Debug\HomePayroller.pdb
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.Home.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.exe
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.pdb
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmREmpleados.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmBEmpleados.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmRDepartamentos.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmBDepartamentos.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmBDeducciones.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmBIngresos.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmBPuestos.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmBTransacciones.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmRDeducciones.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmRIngresos.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmRPuestos.resources
c:\users\envy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestionNominas\HomePayroller\obj\Debug\HomePayroller.FrmRTransacciones.resources
